cinema synopses spoiler alert in 1988
following his mother's death a young
Peter quill is abducted from Earth by
the Ravagers a group of space pirates
led by yondu udonta 26 years later on
the planet of more egg quill steals an
orb but is attacked by Cora a
subordinate to the fanatical Creed Ronan
although quill escapes with the orb
yondu discovers his theft and issues a
bounty for his capture I will find you I
put a bounty on him while Ronan sends
the assassin Gamora after the orb
[Music]
what a bunch of losers
when quill attempts to sell the orbán's
and our capital of the Nova Empire has
commissioned Gamora ambushes him and
steals it
fight ensues drawing in a pair of Bounty
Hunter the genetically and
cybernetically modified raccoon rocket
and the tree like humanoid grouped a
humanoid plant that's been traveling
recently as 89 p13 he's personal
hospital under arrest
Nova Corps officers capture the for
detaining them in the kiln a powerful
inmate there
Drax attempts to kill Gamora due to her
association with Ronan who killed his
family quill convinces Drax that Gamora
can bring Ronan to him though Gamora
reveals that she has betrayed Ronan
unwilling to let him use the orbs power
they learned that Gamora has a buyer for
the orb
meanwhile Ronan meets with gamora's
adoptive father
Thanos to discuss her betrayal the group
makes a plan to escape the kiln but the
plan goes wrong when Groot steals the
battery before the group is ready
quill Gamora rocket root and Drax work
together to escape the kiln in quills
ship the Milano quills group flee to
nowhere a remote criminal outpost in
space built in the giant severed head of
a celestial the group meet gamora's
contact the collector ten'll ear to ven
meanwhile a drunken Drac summons Ronan -
then opens the orb revealing an infinity
stone these stones that can only be
brandished by beings of extraordinary
strength an item of immeasurable power
that destroys all but the most powerful
beings who wield it you to ven's
tormented assistant Karina grabs the
stone stand back
triggering an explosion that engulfs two
vans are kind Onan arrives and fights
with Drax
while the others flee by ship pursued by
Ronan's followers and gomorrah's
adoptive sister nebula ronan seemingly
kills Drax nebula destroys gomorrah's
chef leaving her floating in space and
Ronan's fighters capture the orb
quill contacts yondu before following
Gamora into space giving her his helmet
to survive yondu arrives and retrieves
the pair on Ronan's flagship the dark
aster ronan embeds the stone in his
Warhammer taking its power or himself he
contacts Thanos threatening to kill him
after first destroying Xander hateful of
her adoptive father nebula allies with
Ronan you kill him I will help you
destroy a thousand rocket Drax and Groot
threatened to attack yondu's ship to
rescue them
but quill negotiate the truce promising
the orb to yondu quills group agrees
that facing ronan means certain death
but that they cannot let him use the
infinity stone to destroy the galaxy the
Ravagers and quills group join with the
Nova Corps to confront the dark aster at
Xander's
he says he's an a-hole but he's not 100%
a dick do you believe that he is here to
help ya with quills group reaching the
dark aster with the mulana ronan uses
his an empowered Warhammer to destroy
the Nova Corps fleet
help us fight Ronan Gamora fights and
defeats nebula who then escapes
[Music]
but the group find themselves outmatched
by Ronan's power until rocket crashes a
Ravager ship through the dark Astrid the
damaged dark aster crash lands on Xander
with Groot sacrificing himself to shield
the group
[Music]
Ronen emerges from the rack and prepares
to destroy Xandar
but quill distracts him in You allowing
Drax and rocket to destroy Ronan's
Warhammer quill grabs the freed stone
and with Gamora Drax and rocket sharing
its burden
immortal home where the guardians of the
galaxy they use it to destroy Ronan in
the aftermath quill tricks yondu into
taking a container supposedly containing
the stone and gives the real stone to
the Nova Corps as the Ravagers leaves
and our yondu remarks that it turned out
well that they did not deliver quill to
his father per their contract quills
group now known as the guardians of the
galaxy have their criminal records
expunged and quill learns that he is
only half human his father being part of
an ancient unknown species quill finally
opens the last present he received from
his mother a cassette tape filled with
her favorite songs the Guardians leave
in the rebuilt Milano along with a
sapling cut from Groot in a post-credits
scene to Vance it's in his destroyed
archive with two of his living exhibits
a canine cosmonaut and an
anthropomorphic duck keep watching for
some fun Easter eggs and trivia from
guardians of the galaxy when arrested
rockets attributes list his known
associates Groot and Lilla lady Lilla is
a sentient otter and a soul mate to rock
it in the Marvel Universe the collectors
residence in the film is the Space
Station nowhere in the comics nowhere is
the base of the guardians of the galaxy
[Music]
yondu's primary weapon is a sentient
arrow in the comics
yondu was an archer Cosmo a telepathic
dog from the early Soviet space missions
and member of the guardians of the
galaxy in the comics has a cameo during
the collector scenes on knowhere the
film was released 28 years to the day
after the 1986 Marvel movie Howard the
Duck the title character appears in the
post-credits sequence
Stanley makes his usual cameo as a
perverted xandarians citizen that rocket
scans while looking for a bounty Lee got
this cameo because although he did not
create the guardians of the galaxy he is
the official co-creator of the character
Groot along with Jack Kirby and Dick
iers Vin Diesel recorded all his lines
in several different languages including
Russian Mandarin Spanish Portuguese
German and French so that they could use
his real voice in the film around the
world French this we grouped Spanish soy
guru Mandarin whoa Seagal ooh
[Music]
you